[ML] Update documentation regarding versioning. (#98320)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc

jobs created before version 7.8.0, the default value matches
`model_snapshot_retention_days`. For more information, refer to
{ml-docs}/ml-ad-run-jobs.html#ml-ad-model-snapshots[Model snapshots].
Note that as of {es} version 8.10.0 a new version number has been introduced to

> track changes to configuration and state in the machine learning plugin. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
track changes to configuration and state in the {ml} plugin. This
```

ensure that high resource usage is a conscious decision. If you have jobs that
are expected to analyze high cardinality fields, you will likely need to use a
higher value.
Note that as of {es} version 8.10.0 a new version number has been introduced to

> track changes to configuration and state in the machine learning plugin. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
track changes to configuration and state in the {ml} plugin. This
```

ensure that high resource usage is a conscious decision. If you have jobs that
are expected to analyze high cardinality fields, you will likely need to use a
higher value.

> 
> NOTE: From {es} 8.10.0,  a new version number is used to
> track the configuration and state changes in the {ml} plugin. This new
> version number is decoupled from the product version and will increment
> independently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
--
NOTE: From {es} 8.10.0,  a new version number is used to
track the configuration and state changes in the {ml} plugin. This new
version number is decoupled from the product version and will increment
independently.
--
```

the default categorization tokenizer in versions 6.2 to 7.13, so if you
need categorization identical to the default for jobs created in these
versions, specify `"tokenizer": "ml_classic"` in your `categorization_analyzer`.
Note that as of {es} version 8.10.0 a new version number has been introduced to

> track changes to configuration and state in the machine learning plugin. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
track changes to configuration and state in the {ml} plugin. This
```
